five six nothing if diving is like a
friend coming suddenly there are black
tip sharks everywhere size of those
black tips hunt together in packs
they've smelt blood and now it's shark
party time
this was fantastic we've been here with
bait in the water for no more than about
three or four minutes and already we are
absolutely surrounded with sharks this
is amazing
they're very very quick really dynamic
hunters I'm not that sure I want to get
in there really yeah it may sound
bonkers but me and the crew are going
overboard the only way to understand a
shark is to enter their world so it's
time to kiss up and join the feast y'all
ready to go
this is shark central we feel painfully
clumsy and slow by comparison